Dear Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot news 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , Title 
3 , Section 309 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 96 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and sell 
more . You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
of Rhode Island tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks 
. Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 4 , Section 301 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 49 months ! 
Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who 
resides in Idaho tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . You have no reason not to act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Best regards . Dear Salaryman ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our newsletter ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 , Section 303 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 29 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you increase customer response by 160% and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Jones of California tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . We implore you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thanks . 